Update docs to add function.json attributes and sql attributes for Java (#480)
Azure/azure-functions-sql-extension: docs/BindingsGuide_Java.md

# Azure SQL bindings for Azure Functions - Java

## Setup Function App
1. Install [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local)

2. Create a function app for Java:
    ```bash
    mkdir MyApp
    cd MyApp
    func init --worker-runtime java
    ```

3. Enable SQL bindings on the function app. More information can be found [in Microsoft Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-azure-sql).

    Update the `host.json` file to the preview extension bundle.
    ```json
    "extensionBundle": {
        "id": "Microsoft.Azure.Functions.ExtensionBundle.Preview",
        "version": "[4.*, 5.0.0)"
    }
    ```

## Input Binding

### SQLInput Attribute

> In the Java functions runtime library, use the @SQLInput annotation (com.microsoft.azure.functions.sql.annotation.SQLInput) on parameters whose value would come from Azure SQL. This annotation supports the following elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Java functions runtime library, use the @SQLInput annotation (com.microsoft.azure.functions.sql.annotation.SQLInput) on parameters whose value comes from the query specified by commandText. This annotation supports the following elements:
```

> | Element |Description|

Reviewer: I believe this should be Attribute, not Element @lucyzhang929 

```suggestion
| Attribute | Description |
```

Reviewer 2: Looking through the docs - some bindings use Property and some use Element. Looks like Drew used Element for SQL Bindings https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-azure-sql-output?tabs=in-process&pivots=programming-language-java#annotations

Reviewer: I guess I was wrong - these docs mention "elements" 

https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/annotations/basics.html

`The annotation can include elements, which can be named or unnamed, and there are values for those elements:`

So nevermind then - Element sounds good to me!

|---------|---------|

> | **commandText** | Required. The Transact-SQL query command or name of the stored procedure executed by the binding.  |

Reviewer: Sync up with @lucyzhang929 on adding the name property

> | **connectionStringSetting** | The name of an app setting that contains the connection string for the database against which the query or stored procedure is being executed. This value isn't the actual connection string and must instead resolve to an environment variable name. | 

Reviewer: This is different than the other connection string setting descriptions you have, let's make sure these are all the same

(note the other ones - including your powershell one - have broken links for the extra connection string settings. So make sure to fix that too)

> | **commandType** | A [CommandType](/dotnet/api/system.data.commandtype) value, which is [Text](/dotnet/api/system.data.commandtype#fields) for a query and [StoredProcedure](/dotnet/api/system.data.commandtype#fields) for a stored procedure. |

Reviewer: These links don't work (elsewhere in this PR + in your Powershell docs)

### SQLOutput Attribute

> In the Java functions runtime library, use the @SQLOutput annotation (com.microsoft.azure.functions.sql.annotation.SQLOutput) on parameters whose value would come from Azure SQL. This annotation supports the following elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Java functions runtime library, use the @SQLOutput annotation (com.microsoft.azure.functions.sql.annotation.SQLOutput) on parameters whose values you want to upsert into the target table
```

> | Element |Description|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attribute | Description |
```

Author: as discussed will leave it as Element

|---------|---------|

> | **commandText** | Required. The name of the table being written to by the binding.  |

Reviewer: Add name attribute

### SQLOutput Attribute

In the Java functions runtime library, use the @SQLOutput annotation (com.microsoft.azure.functions.sql.annotation.SQLOutput) on parameters whose values you want to upsert into the target table. This annotation supports the following elements:

| Element |Description|
|---------|---------|

> |**name** |  Required. The name of the variable that represents the query results in function code. | 

Reviewer: This isn't correct (there are no "query results" in output bindings)

@lucyzhang929 We should probably just use the same descriptions you added in your PR

https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-sql-extension/pull/481/files#diff-07386b4163c1406052b8b902fb2322202c7a235a720c958e540ea4f76fe53f0aR21

That sound good to you?

Author: Followed up and made it `Required. The variable name used in function.json.` as reflected in the PR Lucy added.
